Block Permissions for Gutenberg
by meceware

Show Gutenberg blocks only to target audience depending on their user attributes such as user role, log in information and user names.

How To Use:
01. Activate 'Block Permissions for Gutenberg' plugin.
02. Edit any page with Gutenberg editor.
03. If Block Permission is chosen for 'Show', the block content will be shown if the settings are validated. Otherwise block content will be hidden.

[Show]
04. If 'Everyone' is selected as the permission, the block content will be shown for everyone.
05. If 'Members' is selected as the permission, the block content will be shown for the logged in users.
06. If 'Members with Selected User Roles' is selected as the permission, the block content will be shown only for the members with specified user roles.
07. If 'Selected Users' is selected as the permission, the block content will be shown only to the specified users.
08. If 'Selected Devices' is selected as the permission, the block content will be shown for the specified devices, such as Desktops, Phones and/or Tablets.
09. If 'Date Range' is selected as the permission, the block content will be shown between the specified dates.
10. If 'Time Range' is selected as the permission, the block content will be shown between the specified times.
11. If 'Day Of Week' is selected as the permission, the block content will be shown on the specified days.
12. If 'PHP Function' is selected as the permission, the block content will be shown according to the return value of the specified PHP function.

[Hide]
04. If 'Everyone' is selected as the permission, the block content will be hidden from everyone.
05. If 'Members' is selected as the permission, the block content will be hidden from the logged in users.
06. If 'Members with Selected User Roles' is selected as the permission, the block content will be hidden from the members with specified user roles.
07. If 'Selected Users' is selected as the permission, the block content will be hidden from the specified users.
08. If 'Selected Devices' is selected as the permission, the block content will be hidden from the specified devices, such as Desktops, Phones and/or Tablets.
09. If 'Date Range' is selected as the permission, the block content will be hidden between the specified dates.
10. If 'Time Range' is selected as the permission, the block content will be hidden between the specified times.
11. If 'Day Of Week' is selected as the permission, the block content will be hidden on the specified days.
12. If 'PHP Function' is selected as the permission, the block content will be hidden according to the return value of the specified PHP function.

Thanks to
- Various React component creators
- [Mobile Detect by Serban Ghita]

Copyright 2018 Mehmet Celik
